nt_smmc: happy (almost) valentine's day! enter to win this prize pack by:
 valentine's day is coming up
ico_hands: chaos theory: review of douglas valentines tia as organized crime:how illegal operations corrupt america &amp; world  

otcheetoemoji: valentine's day is bullshit but buy flowers from the mexicans on the street even if u dont have a valentine buy them fo"
fficialyonceee: fuck a valentine's day 
all you need to do is follow &amp; rt for a chance to win!
abyanimalpics: valentine's day is coming up
2
gag: valentines day cards to woo the romantic geek in your life (by pj mcquade)
iothesporn: valentine's day look af 
winnvelasquez rianna_platek you know brianna is my actual valentine"
assinnash: the only box of chocolates i want on valentine's day  
what do you get a guy for valentine's day "
valentine's day is right around the corner. don't forget to place your order. we will be accepting orders until... 
bviousplant_: just in time for valentine's day... 
armenalisa: so pizza hut has heart shaped pizzas for $13 right now until valentine's day... js... just throwing that out there"
ohnwickmovie: curious? this valentines day weekend
i'm not single this year for valentine's day.....i am shook like how did this happen i"
raiiny_: valentine's day stuff!! video and photo set will be sent on valentine's day!  
emaletexts: my type of valentine's day cards 
ifepost: valentine's day is coming up fast 
ouiture: oh man it's almost time for the "i don't need a valentine
less then 5 days left till valentine's day. are you prepared? grab some last minute teddies and 
hoe0nhead tru tho won't catch me byin' shit for nobody. they call me the vapid valentine for a reason."
 i swear jaclyn done the same look as i did about 2 weeks ago for valentine's day"
im coming up so i'll bring you up a little treat and make you a card  
ollyjemson: it's that time of year when girls everywhere collaborate to figure out "what the fuck do we buy our boyfriends on valentin"
2. retweeting this tweet by 2\/14 a "
valentine day 
rbandoll: rt to win: all 3 cp valentine's day lippie stix  must be following me. choosing in 30 
 nephilimdaily: what are valentines little children up to? 
akeupbyjazzmin:  be mine 
 
me to mia: you want to know who my valentine is? me!
got a room on a ship for valentine's day night. bout to bangin out shorty walls to the motion of the ocean."
valentine's day is on $2 margs day... just saying."
$25 gift card for xbox live
alixrob: single on valentine's day &amp; i don't gotta buy no one anything 
satsky: simple glossy valentine's day look 
tskermit: valentine's day is coming up fast 
erriamwebster: 'amour fou' is now in the dictionary. just in time for valentine's day!  
just in time for valentine's day
atkiddeals: valentine's day giveaway!
i hate this everyday is valentine's day bs
vansphere: my type of valentine's day cards.  
 (club ikon) 10-3am 
1. following us
i dont 
aitlinricheiie is making me look at valentine's day cards and it's depressing the hell out of me "
eezy1994: galveston and i are terrible at waiting to give gifts. we get too excited. we are exchanging valentine gifts today"
getting ready for my wednesday classes"
hamarmcneal_: me on valentine's day while everybody else boo'd up with their cheating ass
fficialjdtv: it's happy valentine's giveaway time for your chance to win all these lovely gifts rt and follow! competition ends "
        a valentine's  day look 
please rt weddings brides modern-vintage valentine's day elopement inspiration  
remember when i sent _marq flowers for valentine's day and homeboy got jealous? soulmates"
mycrabtreex: valentine's day is everywhere i hate it "
h8isabelle: i actually hate vday but these are fr the best valentines cards i've seen omg  
ughh"
_saavv: these are actually weird and cute lmao 
soooooo whos down for the strip club on valentine's day? anybody? "
ike__2ff: who else finna be single on valentine's day? "
collegeloveaffairs 
don't forget saturday is the last day to put in your order for any of my 
obellius_2: "wyd for valentine's day?" 
ulluporshutup: valentine weekend
helnteresting: so.. valentine's day is coming up 
incerelytumblr: valentine's day is coming up
i hate valentine's day"
akechanel: valentine's day mood  
let's talk all thing valentine's day. join our chat tomorrow
reddyamazin: my type of valentine's day cards 
i'm in line and this guy just bought a $40 valentine's day bear"
frugal gift ideas for valentine's day  via yfamilystuff"
mia: that's not good! 
brand new trailer debuting tonight! just in time for some valentine's day counter-programming. 
illonfrancis: preston has a huge message for valentine's day....... 
valentine season is coming up and we are accepting orders. ( 
