lmao i been made my reservation ruth's chris for valentine's day
my twitter valentine is: martinn13
lmao here's my card to all of you :) happy valentine's day 
tarwars: death star valentine's day chocolates. you can't repel sweetness of this magnitude.
ob_janke: nothing says your love made me stupid like buying a star for your valentine."
my twitter valentine is: irstenmenden
unsnroses news: get that special valentine a bouquet of guns n roses flowers rock#metal  
eiatable: other people on valentine's day vs me on valentine's day 
laaveyou: if your girl is arab
heislandspot2: the dallas bloggers have spoken &amp; the jamaican pepper steak from our valentine's day menu is a hit! reserve today "
 love newyear valentine vday2017  uxury"
this veterans wishes you
i'm the cat 
aylorcaniff: gonna be single on valentine's day again... sick"
ollingstone: see the roots channel frank sinatra
akeuggs_: i don't want a valentine i just want chick-fil-a"
it's kind of cute that i'm curtis' first valentine."
amela_o_plays: scg
fuck a valentine
ataiina: valentine's day is almost here  hint hint 
when valentine's day is a week away and you are really hoping to get something sweet but than you realize you have nobody"
stunnningg 
2 me on purpose day
valentine gifts for children personalizable customizable   
save now:
happy valentine's day
bae: what you got me for valentine's day ? 
restaurant offers free meal for third wheels on valentines day! 
atekgarner: be my valentine
my twitter valentine is: curran30
allisfashion: it's walliswednesday! for the chance to win a dress of your choice just in time for valentine's day
4 me on valentine's day 
michael just got a hotel for him and i for valentine's day "
valentine flowers by   via outube"
17 consecutive valentine's day single wow i need an award!"
yliiiibb: thought that counts 
my twitter valentine is: ol_reddit
 
so blessed to be alone on valentine's day tbh too much time and money i don't have. looking forward to an amazing sleep that day "
ogicsfanpage: spoil your bobby soxer this valentine's day.   
what y'all doing on valentine's day? i know i ain't doing shit "
ayytackett: year # 28473822941 without a valentine"
aisydixonwatch: weve got valentines day vibes going on! you could win our amelia timepiece! to enter simply follow
eerss_: my twitter valentine is: ayysha
essicabarnzy i would love to accept but you'd also have to be valentine's with amderango"
use code "valentines" to get 25% off your order! 
anewalgren: ill be like close to having a valentine then mess things up feb.13"
ennxcee: some wings at bww 
most popular central new york cuisines for valentine's day 
izury_ruru:  [rt to enter] valentine's raffle ends on february 14th!
arrettdoyle1 i see you quietly retweeting. legs get the same haircut and yell at some pigeons 
milysears: looks like i found my valentine  
my twitter valentine is: p_anchor
ayesgrier: it's almost valentine's day and i still don't know what i'm gonna get myself yet"
nitaphilmar: gear up for a wonderful valentine's day reads with this instafreebie event  asmsg "
ayeee bro know sumthing 
these are so cute  
lbreign: i swear to you 
me: "i am confidently beautiful without a date." "
heapthrillscth: rt if you don't have a valentine
chocolate covered strawberries
what's a valentine's day"
[cnet] valentine's day is made for drones
well damn 
yanburgess18: so valentine's day lol"
nowplaying hand of blood [13zd] - bullet for my valentine"
ggeoorge: getting ready to supply valentine's day strokes 
lfjakd this is mean 
iques15: it's almost valentine's day and i still don't know what i'm gonna get myself yet"
bitch the caption threw me off 
atty_baaby: if you can drink henny straight then you can buy your own valentine's day gift
remember what she really wants for valentine's day. 
3 me on chocolate day
it's as cliche as everyone getting engaged on christmas  
does someone wanna have a cute mini photo shoot on valentine's day with me"
nope ima start on the 12th 
ennyshearawn: sweetheart fruit salad. a sweet and pretty combination of red fruit for your valentine!  "
ready for valentine's day?    books forkids kids 
followers only but new followers are welcome! thank you "
no man no valentine and i'm fine with that"
take notes boys 
targazejewelry: drop a hint for our "babe" ring 
ighlysaturated aren't they supposed to valentine first?"
reddyamazin: valentine's day in elementary school was so serious  
my twitter valentine is: eidisamwalsh
no seriously 
connorm: can tell i'm in burnley with the valentine's day cards they have for sale..  
valentinesday 
i just joined the ladycode sisterhood by subscribing to adycode_ on outube! isa_opie 
ooooo this is cute 
yes this diblearrangements bouquet is a good as it looks and makes the perfect valentine's day  gift
hellllylashay: i don't have no man 
amproseglobal: less than a week to valentine's day~. chocolate &amp; roses are so cliche.  give that vamps-fan-valentine something a "
my twitter valentine is: dazahar
hefunnyteens: *hint
imonealyse: scorpio's are made during valentine's day season! that's why nobody can resist "
apeparade: planning an alternative valentine's day? here's my gift guide! ft tsyuk orkfaceblog ixmeldrew eyondretrouk "
oshsbeaton: cos a valentine's day card would be worth more 
if a spa day is the sweet treat you're craving for this vday
lackcircles:  win a valentine's dinner worth 150 courtesy of ichelintyres  rt&amp;f lackcircles for a chance to win! "
nnabellagutman: new year :) new lookbook from me to you  :)
hrisgertsen: from him for him - valentine gifts guide 2017 valentine giftguy forhim 2017 love  
valentine's day is a week away
in honor of valentine's day all married
my twitter valentine is: orrin_stines
gonna send my side boo a valentine's day card in jail. it's the small things."
ovejfrancis: cvs has a sale on plan b pills
my twitter valentine is: holoud_eltobgy
ldenrichards02: give a unique gift this valentine's. buy the ltd edition yale  lock &amp; get a chance to win exciting prizes! "
same. 
valentine's day is just around the corner!  make this the sweetest one yet.  check out our flipbook for all the... 
urtis_asb: sweet stems will be sold during both lunches this week for only $3
hopcoralife: valentine's sale! 
jevqna will you be my valentine"
find yours at 
alilacs: someone be my valentine so i can do this look 
reddyamazin: *hint
vrsianpapi: lol valentine's day shouldn't even be an excuse for you to be treating your partner in that way
ey_jessiex3: fuckkkkk em upppp! 
both. 
_ingtail: you can't stress over valentine's day plans of you don't have a significant other. 
intryhowell: valentine's day is a holiday too
my twitter valentine is: n
inkcamoto: i wouldn't say i'm unpleasant
mgthatsmaya: i trying to do some things for valentine's day "
mannn im weak asl  
uqeno: me on valentine's day laying in bed realizing how much i love myself.. 
_trix: when you're single for valentine's day and have no one to give flowers to.  
are you going to have a valentine this valentines day?"
this  valentine's day
hotos_gerald: valentine's day is just around the corner! 
raveveenicole: i swear!!!!  
idi_traffic: "bomsxi: no excuse. bae deserves a perfume this valentine. pls rt. idi_traffic 
valentine  
the day after when all the chocolate goes on sale"
wittahoney: peace of mind. 
oschitzo: cocks out for saint valentine."
meeeeee please!# 
_terii: 1 me on rose day
ubiixcube: if anyone has a crush on me
great info! 
 i need valentino"
valentine's day around the corner"
my twitter valentine is: acigoforth
wasn't expecting this. 
valentine`s day deals &amp; amazing savings by maxy home
isiondirect_uk: win a treasure trove of valentine's choccy this winitwednesday! rt &amp; f to enter. ends 23:00 8\/2 
in 3 words what does valentine's day mean to you? after your next purchase write it down for a chance to win $50 fo 
to everyone that is without a significant other this valentine's day... start watching the vampire diaries. "
avidduchovny  can not wait for valentine's day"
nope 
i get my man something for valentine's day every year
my friend took it upon herself to "encourage" my ex\/friend to take me out for valentine's day! like i don't need this rn "
m_so_dead_now: in case you didn't know... valentine's day sale ndyblack official merch site!!   
my twitter valentine is: ordyndiaz2
so much for a valentine lol lemme throw the ideas i had away."
for you and your valentine valentinesday sprinkles littlecake cakeshop pdxsweets cakery 
oygasming: me on valentine's day
see our romantic valentine's day recipes and craft ideas:  
urdytrey5: rt if your going to be single this valentine's day "
itchwitdabeard: niggas booking rooms for valentine's day just so they can do the same positions they do at home for 3 mins"
ifepost: i wanna dress up on valentine's day and go on a date so bad"
[ swarovski ] valentine's day collection... 
arahbolduc2: valentine's day is an assault on single people who are just trying to get through life pretending that everything is fine"
abycarloto: i am my own damn valentine 2017 just like every other yr and i'm loving it !!!!!!! 
upergirlerks: friend: "may date ka na ba for valentine's day?" 
bundtinis are the way to share the love this valentinesday. add a dozen of othingbundt new valentine's day bundt 
yall see how unwanted i am  
my twitter valentine is: ahmaasallah
my twitter valentine is: danelyap
stop it rn wouldn't we all 
xygenics: rt to enter to win the powermax handheld for your valentine! 1 random winner will be selected on 2\/10. "
i would prefer a homemade dinner with candles &amp; a bubble bath. 
uenblackwell: i wont be lonely on valentine's day if i don't acknowledge valentine's day. what is a valentine? feb 14th?? just an "
    h a h 
sabelcolombo22: our date party is day after valentine's day &amp; it's valentines themed.. no we aren't tryin to say we like u by asking u"
 book your mini-session today: gerald.dampiermail.com  
raslanian_: the club bouncer so i don't have to pay 
emaiestruggiee: what i want for valentine's day 
aroonandco: &gt;&gt;like
show how much you love her this valentine's day with a bouquet of doritos roses  via aximmag  velvetyvulvi"
my twitter valentine is: mwbuzz
is that even a thing?  
it ain't even valentine's day and y'all already in your feelings "
ollywoodlife: we would love nothing more than if dakotajohnson and jamiedornan became couplegoals on valentine's day "
the zebra class is also decorating for valentine's day! today they decorated paper hearts to decorate their... 
erfectblooms: my wish list on valentine's  
i need to go 
earless_dining: say "i love you" with this glutenfree s'mores chocolate brownie tart! easy valentine's day dessert recipe "
herealmrusso: attention send a valentine card to a kid at mott children's hospital! only takes 30 seconds and it's free 
otebookmsgs: selena is about to be me on valentine's day 
boy it's late
such a cute and creative idea for valentine's day cards!  
what is valentine's day?"
i might be single for valentine's day but i'ma have a man before february is over
what's this one?  
another year w\/out a valentine"
auzerep: yeah!!! 
rijhaeee___: tbh
order today to receive before valentine's day  
mysticmessenger   
rotocoluk: prizedraw valentine competition for your chance to win our lovely mineralmakeup rt &amp; follow available at "
my twitter valentine is: ohn_francis8
ravemythoughts: other people on valentine's day vs me on valentine's day 
ueerschtein: the only voltron valentine i need 
residents: get your bunch on with us this valentine's day
adgalnii: valentine's day i'm gon be high as a kite"
enoo_brown: what's the best part about valentine's day? 
my twitter valentine is: arahreed15
only six days until valentine's day. better start drinking now."
escopfs were off to aberdeen which is a long journey were taking our son too after all he is my second valentine x"
working 6-10 valentine's day
great to recipe book!! check it out.. 
bubusiness: buy your valentine something sweet on valentines day!! 
athbodyworks: what's your valentine style? rt if  you're begging for  hello beautiful's  blooms or  if your perfect gift is "
ubyymunslow: gonna dress in sexy lingerie and sit in my room eating my free subway on valentine's day"
you... you are prefect 
sweeten your valentine's day up w\/ a chocolate silk pie baking kit from akeinacrate &amp; odellev - enter thru 2\/14! 
ain't got nobody to spoil on valentine's day "
nlistedleaf antertoys best valentine ever. make sure mr.stanley doesnt steal them"

ustjessicaxxo: me and tsmeanai14  
unterrowland: be my valentine this year?"
wertee: early valentine's offer: buy any 2 tees today on  and get 50% off the second one! retweet to "
my twitter valentine is: tuckertmax24
i need the shirt 
just go to church abeg 
my twitter valentine is: ustin_cripps1
ostonglobe: a carnivores valentine: how to make the perfect bone-in rib eye for two  
impinassjas: excited for valentines day like i got a valentine .."
my twitter valentine is: land_2
akzfresh: everyday is valentine's day when you are in a happy relationship."
marsaenz1: excited for valentine's day this year"
yes please answer this  
did someone say valentine's day? atkinson floral 
sabelaseraffim: taking myself out on valentine's day "
k_cosmetics:  rt &amp; follow all accounts to win! ends on valentine's day  
one light music video coming valentine's day "
xtratv: how to impress your valentine with a las egas getaway:  
eiief: other people on valentine's day vs me on valentine's day 
ighfashionxx: i don't need a valentine
anti-valentine's day makeup by akefacemichell 
asminec_04 i hope you choke on valentine's day"
newprofilepic valentine's exclusive 
ex boyfriend got me flowers for valentine's day... pls leave..."
remember when mary had a party on valentine's day so we got her the heart shaped pizzas?
oubletree: share the cookielove this valentines day. follow us &amp; tag whos cookie worthy for a chance to win a free night! "
my twitter valentine is: eyadmansourr
arcastictroler: roses are red
assinnash: all i want for valentine's day is some chocolate  
so much love back then"
i didn't know i needed a  michael bolton valentine special until i watched it"
my mans needs to get me one of these one day  
uvelizabethany: .aralarsson getting her priorities straight for valentine's day. 
mokeyformby: f+entlemenstonic to win our valentine's day offer. giveaway competition mensgrooming valentinesday win 
at_wuu: wanna go back to elementary when valentine's day was the day you'd bring cookies for the class so everyone feels special too"
my twitter valentine is: alignitymagnet
ove_logaan: valentine's day? what's that.. 
i wonder how will be amira in valentine's day
i can't wait for all the chocolate to go on sale after valentine's day"
ousfullserv: the ol' 36 oz ribeye for two returns for valentine's day! call us and reserve a table. 
this valentine be like 
rbandoll: rt to win: valentine mini mattes  must be following me and oitersquvdvids 
wkwardposts: will u be my valentine 
ldairmaruz: this will be my first valentine's day with a girlfriend and i honestly can't wait to get her together and do all this cute"
shleyfaith92: now my boyfriend can't see what i have in store for him for valentine's day  
i use to love valentine's day but now i don't cause ain go no nigga to buy me nothing or do nothing with "
rt valentines   peaceable kingdom valentine cootie catcher super 
osav_ this cute huh co  
i thought valentine's day was yesterday"
scghawaiipac mver 
ennysdiner: if youre single on valentines day may we suggest french kissing a cheeseburger?"
labbermouthnet: guns n' roses: official valentine's day rose bouquet now available  
my twitter valentine is: avidolsson10
hbran: valentine's day is a social construction that benefits capitalism"
my twitter valentine is: ayysha
iralvalentines: roses are red my heart is fat be my valentine or cash me outside howbow dah 
so ready to get my valentine's on"
me: 
hhmikefacesup: ierseyclemons is my valentine idc what nobody say 
essicabarnzy: my twitter valentine is: orrin_stines
  giveaway"
waymenttttt 
lol but he's married 
tbh i just want to be laid up with my "crush" on valentine's day with our phones on silent
ddi_official: tears in both my eyes.  
dove valentine's milk chocolate truffles heart gift box 6.5-ounce tin by  etski_fotograf"
